feat(accordion, action-strip): standalone description (#3667)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/select.md

## Getting Started with Ignite UI for Angular Select

> To get started with the Ignite UI for Angular Query Builder component, first you need to install Ignite UI for Angular. In an existing Angular application, type the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with the Ignite UI for Angular Select component, first you need to install Ignite UI for Angular. In an existing Angular application, type the following command:
```

```typescript
// home.component.ts

import { FormsModule } from '@angular/forms';
import { IGX_SELECT_DIRECTIVES } from 'igniteui-angular';
// import { IGX_SELECT_DIRECTIVES } from '@infragistics/igniteui-angular'; for licensed package

@Component({
    selector: 'app-home',
    template: `
    <igx-select [(ngModel)]="selected">
        <label igxLabel>Simple Select</label>
        <igx-select-item value="Orange">Orange</igx-select-item>
        <igx-select-item value="Apple">Apple</igx-select-item>
        <igx-select-item value="Banana">Banana</igx-select-item>
        <igx-select-item value="Mango">Mango</igx-select-item>
    </igx-select>
    `,
    styleUrls: ['home.component.scss'],
    standalone: true,
    imports: [IGX_SELECT_DIRECTIVES, FormsModule]
    /* or imports: [IgxSelectComponent, IgxSelectItemComponent, IgxLabelDirective, FormsModule] */
})
export class HomeComponent {
    public selected: string;
}
```

> Now that you have the Ignite UI for Angular Query Builder module or directives imported, you can start using the `igx-query-builder` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have the Ignite UI for Angular Select module or directives imported, you can start using the `igx-select` component.
```
